Hello everyone, you probably heard this
history as jazzmen fucking shift filmed
covers with your humbucker of in order
so that the sound gets brighter to me too
it became interesting how much it will change
and I conducted an experiment with the results
which I offer you now
read entries participated
Chinese humbucker of which were
covers removed no sound processing
only pure signal was used and
so breeches vaio position
but
Here is a comparison with me
It turned out I called about the cheapest
alternative to replacing pickups with well
Of course, if they are your covers
by the way you can take this chip to your
weaponry if you ever
need to curb too bright top
standing guitar
well, that's all and be with you
strength